[core][doc] add actor+job+node event to ray event export doc (#57930)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/user-guides/ray-event-export.rst

Reviewer: Nice! Can we add examples for the event types as well?

        "message":""
    }

Actor events
^^^^^^^^^^^^

> For each actor, Ray exports two types of events: Actor Definition Event and Actor Lifecycle Event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For each actor, Ray exports two types of events: Actor Definition Events and Actor Lifecycle Events.
```

Reviewer 2: Need a blank line before the bulleted points for it to render correctly.

> * Actor Definition Event contains the metadata of the actor when it is defined. See `src/ray/protobuf/public/events_actor_definition_event.proto <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/src/ray/protobuf/public/events_actor_definition_event.proto>`_ for the event format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* An Actor Definition Event contains the metadata of the actor when it's defined. See `src/ray/protobuf/public/events_actor_definition_event.proto <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/src/ray/protobuf/public/events_actor_definition_event.proto>`_ for the event format.
```

> * Actor Lifecycle Event contains the actor state transition information and metadata associated with each transition. See `src/ray/protobuf/public/events_actor_lifecycle_event.proto <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/src/ray/protobuf/public/events_actor_lifecycle_event.proto>`_ for the event format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* An Actor Lifecycle Event contains the actor state transition information and metadata associated with each transition. See `src/ray/protobuf/public/events_actor_lifecycle_event.proto <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/src/ray/protobuf/public/events_actor_lifecycle_event.proto>`_ for the event format.
```

Driver job events
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For each driver job, Ray exports two types of events: Driver Job Definition Event and Driver Job Lifecycle Event.

* Driver Job Definition Event contains the metadata of the driver job when it is defined. See `src/ray/protobuf/public/events_driver_job_definition_event.proto <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/src/ray/protobuf/public/events_driver_job_definition_event.proto>`_ for the event format.
* Driver Job Lifecycle Event contains the driver job state transition information and metadata associated with each transition. See `src/ray/protobuf/public/events_driver_job_lifecycle_event.proto <https://github.com/ray-project/ray/blob/master/src/ray/protobuf/public/events_driver_job_lifecycle_event.proto>`_ for the event format.

Node events
^^^^^^^^^^^

> For each node, Ray exports two types of events: Node Definition Event and Node Lifecycle Event.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For each node, Ray exports two types of events: Node Definition Events and Node Lifecycle Events.
```
